1, 2, 3, 4, 1, 2, 3, 4, testing.
Testing 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, testing, testing.
Testing, testing, 1, 2, 3. 1, 2, 3. This is May the
3rd and I have the pleasure and honor of chatting
with Ricky Wood. Wood, singular, W-O-O-D. Yes,
W-O-O-D. This year's Head Yield Leader. To begin
with, Ricky, describe your background, family,
where'd you grow up, high school, what do mom and
dad do. Okay. Tell us about yourself before you
came to Texas A&M. Okay. I was born in Houston,
Texas. I lived in the same house from the day I was
born until roughly middle of June, summer before
my senior year in high school, so roughly 18 years,
lived in the same house. I have an older brother and
a younger sister. My older brother went to the
University of Virginia on a full academic
scholarship. My younger sister is a freshman in
high school at the moment, and she has aspirations
of A&M just simply because of what she's gotten to
see through me the last couple years, which is
really neat. I'm excited about that. I went to the
same school. I went to the Second Baptist School
for 14 years, pre-kindergarten all the way
through my senior year of high school. So I went to
school with the same – there was about 13 of us that
went to school from the day that we started there
until we graduated – Both my parents went to
college and they both went to law school. They both
attended undergrad at Rice University,
graduated I think in 68 or 69 and then went to
University of Texas Law School. Graduated there
in 72. Moved to Houston, both got jobs in law firms
in 1980. My mom got appointed to be a judge in
Houston. And then in 82, she lost her reelection,
ran for something else in 84, and has been a judge
ever since. In Houston, my dad in 1991 got
appointed to be a judge in Houston. And so both my
parents are now judges in the Harris County area.
My mom is a state district judge. My father is a
probate judge there in the Houston area. Why did
you attend A&M? What led you to be interested here?
I came to A&M. For a couple reasons. One, I remember
my sophomore year, I was very, very involved in
football. I was about 70 pounds bigger than what
you see now. Just because I just worked out a lot and
I was just much bigger, just, I mean, bigger in all
ways, in all sense of the word. And so football was
what I was going to do. I was being relatively
highly recruited. Even right, like my sophomore
year, places were contacting me to come to their
football games and stuff like that. But my
sophomore year during the football season, a
friend of mine's older sister was a freshman at
A&M. And so one weekend where we didn't have a
football game, he said, do you want to go up to A&M
and just stay the weekend and we can go have fun with
my sister and all that kind of stuff. I said, I don't
have anything else to do. So we came. We came up
here. We went to Midnight Yale practice. Very
similar story that I'm sure you've heard many
times. We went to Midnight Yale practice. We went
back and We stayed in Mosier Hall when we shouldn't
have as sophomores, well I was a sophomore and he
was a junior. In high school we ended up staying in
an all girls dorm, which was really fun. Just being
able to live the college life I guess. You can say we
went out somewhere Saturday, we went to a game
Saturday night, we went out again. I was very, very
impressed by the close-knit atmosphere here at
A&M. I was very, very impressed by Yale practice,
obviously. That was something where I just said,
oh my gosh, this is completely different than
anything I've seen. I mean, my brother was at
University of Virginia. And I had gone up and
visited him fall semester of my sophomore year as
well. And it was just very different. I mean, just
very different feels. Even though there's a lot of
similarities between A&M and University of
Virginia, there was something that defined A&M as
separate. And I think most of us know what that is.
And so then once my senior year, junior year came
around and I started applying to schools, I
applied to three schools. I applied to Dartmouth,
Columbia, and then A&M. I applied to Dartmouth and
Columbia to play football. And I applied to A&M
because I was in top 10%. I had really good ACT
scores. I knew I could get in just not a problem. And
so I applied. September got my acceptance letter,
end of October, and didn't really make the
decision to come here until April or so, simply
because I realized that this is where I needed to
be. None of the football stuff had panned out, and
so I was just like, okay, Lord, I'm just gonna go
where you have, where the door's open, and so I came
here, and it was, yeah. Did you go to fish camp? I did
go to fish camp. Describe it as you would. It was
amazing, actually. I absolutely loved Fish Camp
because I came from such a small high school. It's
not that I wasn't used to dealing with numbers. I
mean, with my parents being involved in what they
were, I was always used to being in big groups. I was
always used to having to be at the forefront as far
as my personality, having to be forthright in how I
speak to people and not waiting for them to speak to
me, but me speak to them. So it's not that I was
embarrassed per se, but of course I got there and I
was wearing the wrong thing just because it was
summer in Texas. I didn't necessarily bring the
right clothes. I mean it was just one of those
things where I didn't really know anyone and so I
just came by myself. I ended up having an amazing
time. My DG leaders were great. I got back to A&M,
went home for four days, packed up, moved up here,
and then spent the next three weeks hanging out
with my DG group almost every day. And that was very
important in the transition simply because these
were people that I hadn't met before and already I
felt like I was part of communities. You're saying
DG. DG in fish camp. Within each camp that you go to,
there's sessions, six sessions. Within the
sessions, there's six camps. And then within
those camps, there's discussion groups, which
range from eight to 13 people. In charge of each
discussion group are a male and a female. So DG,
that's what I mean by DG. Did fish camp have an
effect on you and others in terms of spirit,
devotion? Oh, definitely. Definitely. As you
look back on it now, How comparatively accurate
was Fish Camp in previewing A&M? Well, it depends
on what you're talking about. If you're talking
about campus life, I mean, there's no way. We're in
Lakeview. We're at a camp. I mean, it can't really
depict. But as far as the stuff that they gave you
just as advice, I think it was very accurate. The
stuff that they tried, I think Fish Camp has a
really good way of... And this is why I'm still
involved to this day as a co-chair. It has a very
good way of...
keeping the myth of A&M going, if that makes any
sense. Myth might be the wrong word, maybe the
aura. I'm having trouble thinking of the right
word, just simply because these freshmen coming
here, even those that parents and grandparents
and great-grandparents might have come to A&M,
they would still not know what it is really like.
And so they come in, they feel it, they see what it's
like. So then they come to, they start the school
year already embedded with those things that, you
know, maybe a senior doesn't have anymore simply
because they've been here for so long. But it was a
good preparation. It was an amazing preparation
just simply because got there, got to meet people
that had been involved in different stuff. You
weren't supposed to talk about involvements, but
it was very obvious that there were.
Presentations were made by people on campus, the
Yale Leaders Bonfire, Red Pots, stuff like that,
they all came. It was just, it was really, really
neat. When you came then back to campus to stay, how
did you get here, what did you bring, what kind of
gear and stuff? I came I remember it. We brought two
cars. I brought my car and then my parents. And I
remember I had a computer, some clothes. I
remember my parents were really big on making sure
I was as comfortable as possible. And so we went to
Sam's and bought two $20 bookcases because I
stayed in Kane Hall. My roommate was on the
football team for my high school, and so I got to be
his roommate in Kane Hall my freshman year, which
was really neat. Moved in, and I remember he had
already been there because of two-a-days. He had
been there for a while, and that's why I came up
early, because he was really lonely and didn't
really have anyone to talk to. So I came up to hang
out with him and moved into the dorm. I remember
Luby's was a favorite place to eat of my family
growing up, and so we went to Luby's one last time,
and then parking lot of Luby's, Dad shook my hand,
Mom kissed me on the cheek and said, have a good
time, and then they'd go off. Did they give you any
other advice? Um, not really, to be honest with
you. Um, they gave me some, just, I mean, just the, I
like to think of it in the Hamlet terms of things, be
true to yourself, be first to listen, not first to
speak, stuff like that. Just kind of general
sentiments on how to live your life, but not
necessarily... What about this UVA older
brother? Did he give you any advice or counsel?
Um... little bit he said make sure and pour into
relationships both same-sex and obviously other
relationships as far as with women but also said
make sure and pour into your same-sex
relationships that was his biggest one all right
so you're over in Kane Hall did Joel Was there any
kind of ritual or routine or tradition?
Unfortunately, no. And that's always something
that I've looked back that I wish I could have had,
that I wish I could have lived in the dorms, maybe on
South Side or maybe one on North Side that was much
more rich in tradition. Kane Hall was, it wasn't at
all. Kane Hall was comprised of people freshmen
who wanted a really big dorm and so they got in and
they got in early so the so the and i don't want to say
intelligence level but the grades and maybe the
way in which academics was viewed was a little
better of the people that weren't in sports in kane
simply because you couldn't get in there unless
you applied really early and you got in really
early and athletes, and the athletes just
couldn't care anything about A&M necessarily. I
mean, they care about A&M, but they don't care
about A&M the same way in which maybe I do or someone
else who cares a lot about the spirit and the
integrity of the institution. Where did you eat? I
ate there in King, which was great. Describe the
routine of the dining hall there. Well, I remember
as a freshman, depending on if my roommate was
there, I wasn't great friends, especially in the
fall, I wasn't great friends with anyone
necessarily in my dorm. And there was really no
ways to get friends within the dorm except maybe if
you just hung out in the hallway which I didn't
really like but that's just I think that's just the
nature of Kane Hall and so right about dinner time
you'd walk down there with your ID and there'd be a
big long line at the front door and you'd scan it and
then you'd go in and you wait in line and I remember
seeing all the football players and all the
athletes that I knew and all this kind of stuff and I
just I remember being just kind of wide-eyed and a
total freshman and then I'd get my get my food and go
sit down at the table either by myself or if I
recognized a face and I'd go sit down with him and
stuff. But Cain Hall was very hard socially simply
because athletes hung out with athletes. Those
that didn't hang out with athletes, they had their
own friends. Maybe he was within the dorm and stuff
like that. And your roommate was an athlete? My
roommate was an athlete, but he was a walk-on
athlete. He was a recruited walk-on, so he wasn't
on the same level as... the highly recruited
people. So how did you make some friends that first
semester? I went out for an organization called
Aggie Men's Club. Now, I don't know if you've heard
about it or not, but Aggie Men's Club was an
organization started in 1984 by some people who
were very upset with the Greek system here on
campus. They thought that it was just dumb and it
wasn't fulfilling and it was fake relationships
and stuff. Which I don't, I'm not saying that's the
case with all Greek fraternities, but I'm just
saying that is the reason that this was made. And
what it is, is it's kind of a It's it's a selections.
I mean, it's a selectionary group. And so you know
one can't not everybody can get in it. It's got a
It's got a limit of a hundred guys that can be in at a
time and you go out you go through selections
process and if you get in you get in it's a social
service group is essentially what it is really
intent on brotherhood really intent on Good true
male relationships male friendships. Where does
it meet? It meets in different places, you know
simply because we aren't Greek and And our dues
aren't that much. We don't have a necessary place
to meet every week. It's kind of whatever room we
can find on campus. We've been meeting in Blocker a
lot lately. Yeah. Alright, how did you get, how did
you get acquainted with Aggie lingo, slang, like
you all didn't use dining hall nicknames for food,
did you? No, no we did not. No, we did not. But did
you, as a freshman, did you start going to Yale
practice? Oh, yes, sir. I didn't miss a Yale
practice my freshman year. I didn't miss a
football game. Every second, I tried out for fish
camp, and I got fish camp counselor. my freshman
year and so right off the bat I was just involved
with a group of people that was very A&M oriented. I
was in early session and so there were some people
that were in the Corp of Cadets in my fish camp.
There were people in the Corp of Cadets in Aggie
Men's Club when I first got in it as a freshman. So
they were people that obviously just integrated
me into what it was to be an Aggie. I went to all that
stuff, and I got in. I had friends that were very
involved in other things. So just hanging around
them, going to Southside dorms, going to the
Northside dorms, eating in Sabisa with my
friends, you just kind of learned it, even though I
didn't necessarily experience it firsthand. I
went out to Bonfire. I worked on Bonfire. I built
Bonfire, stuff like that. When Bonfire, your
freshman year, which would have been the fall of?
97. 97. About when did you begin work on Bonfire?
First cut. I went out to the first cut. When was
that? October 13th. Okay. Something like that. So
five or six weeks before. Yes, five or six weeks.
About how far from the camp? Where was the first
cut? It was out in Snook. If you went... Beyond the
river? Yes, on the other side of the river. I went
out there, and I remember I went with some of my
friends. I went with Aggie Men's Club, and I
remember we cut with Dunn Hall. That's who we went
out there with. What did you used to cut with? An
axe, and then we made our own pot, and we had to make
our own pot, and they were... We just went out there
with an axe, and I remember we just stayed out there
until about 7 o'clock at night and just had an
absolutely amazing time. How long did you work on
it? How long did I work on bonfire or cut that day? On
bonfire? All that semester. Oh, okay. That whole
semester. Did you go out once a day or once a week?
Oh, no, no, no, maybe once a week. I definitely went
to the cuts and then I went to snack maybe once or
twice a week. Do you remember going to your first
silver taps? Yes. What was it like? Ominous,
honestly. Much bigger than anything I could have
imagined. I mean, obviously, we got shown it at
fish camp. But it was kind of a reality check, if you
want to put it that way, simply because not only was
I made aware of what A&M was like and just the ways in
which we were set apart just as far as our school,
but also... Oh, I just became very aware of
mortality, I guess. Just because something,
especially as an upper teen male, that's
something you never think about. You know, you
never think about the consequences of stuff. And I
remember one of the first silver tufts was someone
who just got in a car wreck, you know, driving home
or something. And so I just became very aware, I
guess, of myself, which was a great learning
experience. All right, now let's go to academics.
What was your major as you arrived? General
studies. It was general studies. What did you
think you might end up doing professionally in the
future? I didn't know. You didn't have any clue. I
didn't have any clue. I had such a wide range of
interests. And it's still that way. Even though
I'm a certain major, that doesn't mean what it is. I
came as a general studies major. I just took all
just the prereq courses. I knew I didn't want to do
engineering. I remember going to my advisor. and
being like, okay, what classes should I take? And I
was in the honors program when I came in. And what
classes do you want to take? I said, I don't know.
And she's like, what do you want to do? I said, oh,
gosh, I don't know. I was just all stressed out as a
freshman. And she was like, well, let's do this.
She was like, do you want to be a doctor? I said, no.
She was like, do you want to be an engineer? I said,
no. She's like, well, that takes out two very big
things. And so we know nothing really in science,
and we know nothing really in engineering
classes. So that helped out a lot. So I came in as a
general studies major. And was the advising, as
you began, was it good? Oh, it was wonderful. Her
name was Wanda Watson, and I'll always remember. I
remember I'd go in and speak with her maybe once
every two weeks. Describe your first impressions
of going to class at A&M. First impressions of
going to class. My first class, my first class was a
Monday morning. I remember this perfectly. My
first class was a Monday morning at 910 and it was in
Halbooty. It was geology 101 with a man named Mr.
Koenig. He doesn't work here anymore. He retired
after my freshman year, fall of my freshman year.
And I remember walking in. It was a big lecture
class. And I remember just being completely It was
really hard simply because I went in there, none of
my friends were in there, and so I sat by myself. And
then I remember seeing a big group of core guys walk
in. And then I remember seeing like four guys walk
in that had Greek shirts on. They were wearing
their Greek letters. And I remember just going,
wow, I was like they're really involved in
something. And Aggie Men's Club hadn't started at
that point. But I remember thinking to myself,
wow, this place is really big. It was much
different than my high school simply because the
most people I had in a classroom in high school was
34. I was sitting here in a 300-person lecture hall
that was completely jam-packed. And I remember
him walking in and saying the requirements of the
course, and I remember just being like, okay, I
guess this is school. This is college. I guess this
is why we're here. I remember it was a little
overwhelming. Do you remember what your course
load was that first semester? I took 16 hours. 16.
And what were your personal guidelines for class?
Was it to go to class every day? I tried to go to class
every single day simply because my brother told me
this, people had come to A&M, my older friends,
they were like, if you go to class, your grade will
be a letter grade higher than it would otherwise.
simply because you aren't going to have to study as
much, just because you'll have the material
presented to you rather than you having to learn
about yourself. Alright, then describe, once you
get into the routine, describe a typical class
day. What time did you get up and what did you do
when? One of the requirements of Aggie Men's Club
is you have to do interviews with all the actors.
You have to go out and interview them, and then you
have a book that you made when you got in. And they
don't take just freshmen. I think I was one of six
freshmen that got in that year. out for selections
that year and so I was one of the only freshmen well
one of six freshmen and so pretty much the day would
wake up I'd look at my schedule to see if I had an
interview that day or not just because you don't
miss interviews I mean one thing that I really
enjoyed about Aggie Men's Club is that there were
definite rules that you had to go by they weren't
you couldn't say well today you know what I can't do
it you had to do it there were certain things that
you had to do and I really enjoyed that about It gave
you discipline that I wouldn't have gotten
otherwise, simply because I wasn't only dealing
with my schedule, but I had to deal with other
people's schedule. So that taught me a lot right
then. But I'd wake up, check my schedule, maybe 45
minutes before my first class. I'd shower, go down
and get something to eat, walk to class. I think I
had two classes in the morning. Then I'd go to the
12th Man in the MSC, which is kind of the cafeteria
there, because that's where all my friends went to
eat. And so I wouldn't eat in Kane. I would eat in the
12th Man simply because that's where my friends
were. Aggie Bucks was good. Aggie Bucks was good,
yes, sir. This was before outbound. But Aggie
Bucks was good. Aggie Bucks worked. And so I would
go and hang out there. And then I would go back to my
room and my roommate would be there and we'd play
Nintendo for a while. And then I'd go to another
class. I'm chuckling because can you imagine
somebody 50 years ago and they'd say, what's that?
Nintendo, excuse me, what's that? A game, I'd go
play video games in my room. And then depending on
if I had anything that week, I would try and read a
little bit just to stay up, but it wouldn't
necessarily be a priority. My problem is growing
up, I never had to study very hard. I'd pick stuff up
very fast. I would always be in trouble in
elementary school, and I have to describe this to
my girlfriend all the time. She's like, why were
you always in trouble? And I was like, because I
would learn something the first time around. And
so whereas it would take two weeks to teach long
division to my classmates, I'd get it on the first
day, and then I'd be bored. And so of course, then
I'd just do this. A little mystic. I'd just do stuff
like this. Alright, in the afternoon, did you go
back to your room to study? Um, sometimes.
Sometimes I'd go to my room. Sometimes I would go to
something called the browsing library. I don't
know if you've heard about that. That was really
neat simply because you got to listen to music. I'm
a multitasker. I can't sit in a quiet room and
study. I have to have other stuff going on. So
whether I was going to study, maybe go to a coffee
shop like Sweet E. Jeans or Barnes & Noble or
something like that where there would be other
stuff that while I was studying would kind of drown
out some of my thoughts, I guess, because that's
the thing that keeps me from studying the most. All
right, then the evening meal where probably?
during weeknights, where would you? It really
depended. Usually I'd go over to Southside or
Northside and hang out with my friends that lived
in the dorms. Or sometimes, I remember I got a
girlfriend beginning of, right in the middle of my
freshman year, right in the middle of the fall of my
freshman year. So I spent a lot of time over at her
dorm, spent a lot of time hanging out with her
friends and my friends, going off campus, going to
houses, going to Bible studies, going to praise
and worship sessions, going to parties, stuff
like that.
During that first semester, how did you and your
family back home, how did you stay in contact with
parents? Um, calling cards. Okay. Did you write
any letters? Um, no. Well, I mean every once in a
while we'd write a letter. Um, and every once in a
while we'd write an email. This was right when
email was becoming the thing. Um, this was right
before it. And cell phones still, obviously no one
had cell phones at this point. Um, but... Didn't
really write letters. Calling was a big part of it.
I mean, we'd call. Obviously, we had an answering
machine. I'd get home, and my mom would be like,
well, how are you? How are things going? And so I'd
call them back, and we'd just talk for a little bit
then. All right. And that first, say,
mid-semester, as you first got tests back, how did
things go? They went well, honestly. The classes
that I were involved in were... stuff in which it
kind of built off what I had already learned. My
memory is such that if I learn something, I'm going
to keep it with me, and so my geology class was
really just like my eighth-grader science class.
So I really didn't have to study for that that much,
which was really exciting to me simply because my
first semester wasn't one that just came in and my
head just got blown off me. It was one in which it was
just kind of a, I guess, an interim process, a
learning process to what college studying would
be like, but the classes weren't all that
extremely difficult. And how did you, what did you
wear to class? How did you dress? It depended,
honestly. At the very beginning I dressed nice,
but then by the end of the semester I was wearing
pajama pants and t-shirts and I was rollerblading
to class and stuff like that. And so it kind of
depended on what was going on after class. And did
you get a haircut regularly? No, not my first
semester freshman year. I did not. It just kind of
went. It was never this long. But for me, my head was
buzzed all throughout high school. And so, I
remember letting it grow. And you went to all the
football games. What other campus activities did
you get involved in early? Campus activities. um
bonfire and bonfire silver taps uh and the aggie
now what's the aggie men's club does it have a place
a formal place to meet um no it doesn't like we don't
have a house or anything i mean obviously we'd have
meeting i had a meeting once a week so that's
something i'd get involved in a lot we would have
then we would have prayer meetings that of course i
would go to um My fish camp would still hang out a
lot, and so I'd do some of that. But as far as campus
activities, there wasn't a campus ritual or
anything. There isn't near the stuff I have now.
We've gotten to the point where now, once a week,
it's stuff that we go do. There's always stuff to be
done on every day. During that freshman first
semester, did you make some friends that you now
look back on as dear friends? Yes, most
definitely. Oh, yeah. There's friendships that I
made that first semester that I'm going to have for
the rest of my life. Without a doubt. And did you
make any long excursions anywhere during that?
Actually, yes, I did. Maybe not the first
semester, but spring break, my friend and I, we
were just like, well, what are we going to do? We
don't know what we're going to do for spring break.
So we drove from here to Virginia and stayed with my
brother for spring break. I mean, big time road
trip. It was awesome. A whole lot of fun. At the
university. you were on the grounds. You're aware
that you don't refer to that as a campus. Oh, of
course not. It's the grounds. And you don't ask.
And I was visiting my fourth year, my first year
brother. And you don't ask someone what class they
were in. When were you on the grounds? When were you
on the grounds? Oh, sure. Oh yeah, they got their
own stuff going there, which was neat. It was so
much fun. Trivia for you. Southern history is my
thing, and I was doing research there about 40
years ago. They were restoring the room on the west
lawn where Edgar Allan Poe was living when they
suspended him for what we today call substance
abuse. They opened up with a grand opening and all
this. Someone had written in red drippy paint,
inside the word never more. Somebody had slipped
in. That's great. And only there. Financially,
were you on tight funding or? I got an allowance,
and so that was relatively tight funding.
Probably not the same as someone who's putting
their way through college. It was tight for me. I
mean, I was living on about $150 a month,
which wasn't, I mean, that's a lot of money, don't
get me wrong, but when you take into account going
out to eat, I'm so sorry. No way. Going out to eat and
stuff like that. Where did, that first semester,
where did you go, if you were really going to have a
special meal, where would you go? Cafe XL. Cafe XL,
okay. Yeah, that was the one where everybody
talked about. That's where you go for a good meal.
And then if you and your buddies were going to have a
big time on Friday or Saturday night, where would
you go?
Freebirds. Honestly, Freebirds, I ate at
Freebirds a whole lot. I didn't go out as far as
drinking or stuff like that a lot my freshman year
simply because One, I was young. I couldn't do it
simply because of age and simply because of my
parents. Breaking the law wasn't something that I
did very easily simply because of the way in which I
was raised. And so I didn't do a lot of that.
Yeah, I just go out to free birds and we go to the
house. In the years you've been here, how often
have you observed Aggie, underage Aggies,
deliberately violating the laws about alcohol? A
lot. A lot. Oh yeah, ever since my freshman year.
There was a lot more than just alcohol down in Kane
Hall. I remember after football games people
would just walk in with kegs and just put them right
there in the hallway. And your guess, would Kane
Hall be worse at that than other dorms? Yes, simply
because they don't follow the same regulations
as, let's say, RHA. They answer the athletic
department. I was vice president of Kane Hall my
freshman year. And so I'd go to RHA meetings, and
they really didn't even look at us as a dorm on
campus, simply because we didn't do the same
things they did. The same rules didn't apply to us,
simply because Kane was athletic. Now, I'm
assuming that Kane Hall didn't have the good bull
pranks that the core dorms had. No, they didn't,
unfortunately. Was it a quiet place? No, it wasn't
a quiet place. It was loud for different, the
athletes were very loud. Obviously they never
studied, they partied a whole lot. So every night
of the week, I remember the hallway that I lived on.
The first four rooms down here was all
non-athletes. The next four rooms down there were
all athletes. And that side of the hallway always
had smoke coming out of the rooms. It was
definitely the party place. And my floor was too.
It was the big, the big party room was on my floor.
When did you first see Yale leaders? When did you
first? My sophomore year. But the first time that,
I remember I came to my new student conference. And
the Yale leaders do their thing there. They just
give a traditions talk. And I remember my mom
going, that looks like a lot of fun. She's like,
those are really neat guys. And I was like, yeah,
that'd be really fun.
Because I'm assuming in high school that was not a
big deal at your... No, no, no, no, no. No, we had
cheerleaders at my high school. Did you perhaps
file away in your gizzard? Wanting? Oh, sure. Most
definitely I did. I did that my sophomore year. I
remember doing that. I remember driving home and
my friend and I were talking. I was like, man, just
because the head yell leader that year, his name
was Chris Torn. No, no, no. Scott Torn, and his
father owns Camp Ozark, and I went to Camp Ozark as a
child, and then went to Episcopal High School in
Houston. And so I remember seeing him and
recognizing him as Sam Torn's son, and then coming
up to A&M and seeing him as the head yell leader,
just being like, oh, I know him, you know? And so
that being, I remember.